Part 1 :
List and explain three scenarios where scraping data may pose a risk to external and internal stakeholders.
Answer :
- Plagiarism : By using the web scraping, some information could be extracted and reproduced somewhere. This
action defines Plagiarism such that it's a "Plagiarism is basically copying someone else’s copyrighted work and
republishing it as your own."
- Spamming : People could scrape the website of social media or need-to-register website to collect the emails for the
financial purposes. For example, some spammers could go into the Amazon profiles or Facebook in order to scrape
the emails and phone numbers to send ou the merchandise several times
- Identity Thief : "Social media profiles and data in them can be scraped using data scraping techniques.
People with malicious intentions can do this for identity theft and similar illegal acts."
(https://www.promptcloud.com/blog/is-data-scraping-ethical/). This could be used for the identity disguise or for
some financial threats.

Part 2 :
Selected Site : Reddit
1.) What do you imagine a user might expect about the privacy of their personal data on the site? Does the expectation
of privacy vary across different sections or types of data on the site?
Answer : Since this website doesn't show your personal information to have a conversation (it uses the username to show
instead), users would expect at least their identities to be confidential unless they're willing to. The expectation
would be varied based on the action users used to have in the Reddit. Some information, such as financial statement,
could be found through the private chats (in some channel such as r/textbookrequest that needs some money transaction)

2.) Identify one vulnerable user group for whom data scientists scraping data should exercise more caution.
Answer : Admins of financial-related channels could be vulnerable for the scraping process. There are information privacy
for both sellers and buyers to transfer goods. Therefore, if the data scientists scrapes or traces some of the data
that could lead to the details of the transaction and either buyer or seller know about this scraping, the admins of
the channels could be vulnerable for allowing the scraping, along with both buyers and sellers.

3.) Describe one project or use case where scraping data from this site could cause harm.
Describe one project or use case where scraping data from this site could be beneficial.
Answer :
- Harms : Some projects related to NLP or language tokenization and the usage to sensitive topics such as politics,
and race. These information could be heavily biased and heavily fake. Therefore, if we scrape the data and release
in any form that shows the posts in the channel, there will be two users who got affected. First are the people in the
reports. They could be judged based on their reaction without enough contexts. The other group could be the people
reading the reports. Their mindset and understanding of peopel could be deviated, and they could get the fake news, which
makes them vulnerable for some misinformation.

- Benefits : Some research based on the general topics such as mentioning of some characters in anime or plants
getting reports in the r/plants. These information doesn't cause a harm in the large terms (the worst case could
be an interpretation of information). These information could yield the benefits such as giving the better picture
of some Reddit channels, or could give an advice for health and lifestyle also. For example, with the data scraping on
the health or lifestyle channel, we could get the information or suggestion that are beneficial based on likes or
comments.

4.) What types of data on the site should data scientists be especially cautious about collecting?
If any, what types of data on the site should not be scraped by data scientists?

- Consider the creator of the data, specific content of the data, user expectations of privacy,
and biases that shape the data.
- Data types could be specific, like usernames and dates, or general, like posts about a certain subject or posts
from certain user groups.

Answer : The types of data that should be concerned is as follows
1.) Username : This information should be treated with concern such that if this information is scraped, the data
scientist has a full responsibility if the people with the said username got an aftermath after the report is published
2.) Comment : Some comment could cause the controversy between people (especially politics, finance, and race topics)
3.) Personal Information : This information is forbidden for the data scientists because these information is required
to create the account with the promise that their information will not be leaked. Therefore, if data scientists
scraped these data, they could face a problem with stakeholders.

5.) Let’s think about missing data for a second. It’s important to remember that the scraped data isn’t all encompassing.
What kind of data may be difficult to get access to? Give one example. Why do you think that is?
What is the impact of this missing or inaccessible data?
Answer :
The missing data could be the personal information for both individual and organizations (even for government, or big
industries). For example, the address could be hard to found in the small websites, or the "gun trace data" like
what portrayed in the "Mimi Onuoha" library for the government. The reason is these information are sensitive from
individual safety to country threats (such as if allied countries know about the gun trade, they could threat the
leader of that countries by deviate some data or emphasizes the untrustworthy point).

However, these inaccessible data would make a problem in terms of error for some interpretation of data. For example,
the economic development of the countries may be underestimated because some goods are not publicized for the
calculation of the growth

Part 3 :
Question: The concept of a “data economy” comes with the perspective that data is a form of economic resource and capital.
To what, if any, standards of social responsibility should we hold researchers, companies, and other entities
that use data to turn a profit? What price would you put on your own personal data, if any?
Justify your opinion and describe which opinions you agree or disagree with in the article.
Answer :
There should be the standard responsibility for the data-related entities that could gain the profits from the users.
Even though there are some measures shown (such as giving products or money for the survey), there should be more
measure for the free data. For example, the decrease in the credit card fees when the financial institution trying
to store the information related to individual purchase.

For the price on the personal data, it depends on how confidential the information is. For example, the information
about the name and hobbies could be easily giving to some organization in the exchange of a chance to work there. However,
for financial information or address, it'll be more valuable because some of them could harm my reputition and assets.
For example, the identity thief or monetary thief. These information is still givable to financial institution.
However, we must be assured that these information will not exposed or used for financial beneifts

Based on the articles, I agree on how economists and data scientists determine the data in that fashion. I also
agree on the importance of putting the value on the data based on how confidential it is, and the notion of some data
should be publicized.
